Removed all support for DataSet, DataTable, DataRow and such (#2267)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

  nav: "sidebar"
---

## 7.0 Alpha 1

> 

Reviewer: keep?

### Breaking Changes (for users)

> * Moved support for `DataSet`, `DataTable`, `DataRow` and `DataColum` into a new package `FluentAssertions.DataSet` - [#1111](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2111)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moved support for `DataSet`, `DataTable`, `DataRow` and `DataColumn` into a new package `FluentAssertions.DataSet` - [#2267(https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2267)
```

### Breaking Changes (for users)

> * Moved support for `DataSet`, `DataTable`, `DataRow` and `DataColum` into a new package `FluentAssertions.DataSet` - [#2267](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2267)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moved support for `DataSet`, `DataTable`, `DataRow` and `DataColumn` into a new package `FluentAssertions.DataSet` - [#2267](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2267)
```
